I have long feared that my sins would
return to visit me and the cost is more
than I can bear
a past he wanted to forget I've been to
war and I have no desire to do so again
I have seven children I do not wish to
leave him fatherless a family threatened
by war we have to do so I forbid you to
go smile your life got a son Frankie
going Feliz father tell you're a man of
principle do you have a family of your
own perhaps you'll understand when I
have a family of my own I won't hide
behind hanging put his body on display
Colonel I beg you by the rules of war
like an essence sir in the rules of war
or perhaps your children
before this war is over I'm going to
kill you
when I request sir that you transfer my
son here under my command I'll fire
first start with the office but under
window weather good strike
where'd you learn all that riding
shooting [ __ ] how many was it
was on that sounds more like a ghost
when the man goes bring him to me
how many men did Cornwallis have under
his command 12,000 redcoats I'm here to
enlist every man willing who's with us
is not the conduct of a chance I'll take
that as a compliment
[Music]
[Applause]